The Smart Health Hub (SHH) stands as a groundbreaking innovation poised to redefine medication management in healthcare settings and individual homes alike. This abstract explores the design, functionalities, and potential impact of SHH in optimizing medication adherence, enhancing patient safety, and reducing healthcare costs. 
The main aim is to illustrate a typical E-Pharmacy starting from a cloud that is connected to pharmacists, doctors, and patients. This enables the digital transfer of data online rather than the conventional method of buying medicines from pharmacies.
On this secured data transfer protocol patients can receive the proper medicines with clear prescriptions on time with transparent knowledge about the drugs they intake. The purpose of the experiment is to deliver the medicine to the customer in a minimum time. In our proposed system, the SHH machine will automatically dispense the tablet. In this project, one app is developed to describe the tablet's details, which acts as a prescription for the patients. Here, the doctor will prescribe the tablets using the app. This prescribed tablet detail is automatically stored in the Cloud. After that, the user needs to show the RFID card to the RFID reader. 
If the card is valid/ matched, the machine will automatically dispense the prescribed medicines. If the card is mismatched/invalid, an alert message will be sent to the user through the Blynk App. Over the 40 years in the pharmacy world, we come across a lot of malfunctions due to handwritten prescriptions and few pharmacies are still offering tablets without doctor’s prescriptions. If all the server data is synchronized with the single digital cloud the rate consumption variation of medical drugs can also be under control. If this system is achieved, we can get the global value of medicines in the market.
